insights to the spirit a bible study
brief series from shorter community AME
church this insight shares the subject
God is doing something wonderful in me
Oh
let's listen to Steve separate second
Corinthians chapter four verses 16
through 18 wherefore we faint not but
though our outward man is decaying yet
our inward man is renewed day by day for
our light affliction which is for the
moment worketh for us more and more
exceedingly an eternal weight of glory
while we look not at the things which
are seen but at the things which are not
seen for the things which are seen are
temporal but the things which are not
seen are eternal
hey
this Christian journey is not easy even
as saved and sanctified folk there is
still much we have to bear there's still
much we have to put up with trying test
troublesome trials torturous temptations
yes troubling times will always abound
even for Christians nevertheless we
should never lose heart for the miracle
of God isn't so much what is the current
on the outside but rather was current on
the inside yes Saints according to our
text though outwardly we are wasting
away in wordly we are being renewed day
by day Saints the trials we face the
trouble we go through they are all
temporary they won't last forever yet
the work that the Lord is doing with us
and in us it will last forever Saints
don't you know that you are being
transformed even as we speak can you
feel the Lord working in you the old
person that you used to be as dying but
the new person that you are is living
yes Saints rejoice that even in this
house of clay we have a treasure a
treasure called the Holy Spirit that
helps us to endure the harsh realities
of life but Saints rejoice even more
that God is doing something wonderful in
us Saints although it does not appear
what we shall be when Jesus returned in
all his majesty and glory we shall be
like him hallelujah and amen let us pray
blessed lord thank you for your power
for your Holy Ghost power which is
transforming us and renewing us in the
image of our lord help us to celebrate
the new person the new man
a new woman that we are in Christ Jesus
a man a man and a man
the
you
Reverend Michael gallant to gain the
full value of this online bible study go
to shorter AME Church o RG click on the
link insights to the spirit study
materials God is doing something
wonderful in me experience uplifting
inspirational spiritual insights like
this Sunday's a Denver's shorter
community AME Church Reverend Timothy E
Tyler pastor